# Intro to Machine Learning Final Project:
My partner, Mindy Li and I, used a dataset of [ranked game data for League of Legends](www.kaggle.com/gyejr95/league-of-legendslol-ranked-games-2020-ver1) to examine the correlation of a player’s win/loss rate and their usage of each of their champions, achievements in each match, role, lane, and champions they are playing against. This can then be used to potentially predict the outcome of a match based on who a player uses as their champion, their lane, and who their opponent is.  The information may be skewed by how skilled a certain jungler is, and from a wider perspective, who one’s teammates is.  However, the level of matches in this dataset are from ranked matches between the 3 highest tiers, so most players should be on a relatively even playing field.  Furthermore, by examining such a large amount of matches, hopefully this bias can be overcome.  

The dataset includes the champion composition of each team, the lane in which each champion was played, and information about multiple game objectives, such as if the team had the first kill, destroyed the first tower, and the total inhibitors destroyed. This dataset is likely sufficient in terms of amount of data to analyze as there is information on 108,000 matches of players whose ranks are in the three highest tiers (Challenger, Grandmaster, and Master). We plan to use 3 of 5 tables given in the dataset: one on general match information, one on the losers, and one on the winners.  The tables can be linked by the game IDs and player IDs, which are shared between the three.

